welcome to a day in my life as a
graduate working in the insurance
industry
oh yeah and i'm still working from home
[Music]
i woke up to the not so beautiful sound
of my alarm clock
switched my bedside light on and
reluctantly got out of bed
i immediately put on some fluffy
slippers because the house is always
freezing this time of year at this point
i am definitely still half asleep
thinking in my head i just want to go
back to bed
but the working life cools gotta suck it
up
i pulled on my dressing gown over my
mismatched disney pajamas
yes i'm a fashion icon and headed
downstairs
none of my other family members were up
yet so the hallways were still dark
i opened the curtains to let some
natural lighting and was met with a very
pleasant view
there was some snow outside it was only
light snow and definitely not enough to
make snowmen but it was exciting
nonetheless
for breakfast i usually have something
that's quick to prepare
here i'm having a bowl of frosties and
some orange juice
a classic page breakfast i'm sure you
can all tell by now that i have a very
sweet tooth
i've recently taken to eating breakfast
in the lounge
because it's slightly warmer than the
breakfast room it's a good spot to curl
up in an armchair
and eat in peace after eating i use the
bathroom
i'm not the speediest at getting ready
in the morning i do like to take my time
a warm shower is just what i need to
wake me up in the morning
and help me function like a normal human
being comfy clothes
check i do literally live in tracksuit
bottoms these days
i blow dried my hair so i'd look
presentable in my video calls that
morning
but then promptly put it in a ponytail
because it always explodes in the frizz
and i just prefer it out of my face
not gonna lie i don't put a lot of
effort into my appearance these days
just because i'm not even leaving the
house i make sure i look presentable for
my video calls put a scrunchie and some
earrings in if i feel
fancy but i never bother with makeup
this is the family border terrier called
buster i love him very much and
obviously have to say good morning
as mentioned previously it's cold at the
moment so i threw on a jumper
after a long commute across the hallway
to the spare room
i finally made it to my desk it usually
requires a bit of a tidy on a monday
morning as i use my desk for other
purposes
over the weekend as always first thing i
do is read and respond to any emails i'd
received since i'd last logged off
then i emailed my line manager to
volunteer to help out with running and
organizing a week of internal company
events
they'll be centred around
self-development and well-being and i
think getting involved will really build
my confidence in presenting and
organizing calls then i did a bit of a
brain dump
and wrote down all of the tasks i wanted
to get done that day
in my planner these were just my
immediate thoughts
the volume of work fluctuates from week
to week and i'll usually be asked to do
other stuff
throughout the day i opened up my first
spreadsheet and promptly got very
confused with what was going on
i didn't want to waste time so i
messaged my team leader and asked for
help
i was working with quantities called
loss ratios
these are given by the amount of claims
made divided by the premium written
sounds straightforward right well no
there's lots of different bases on which
you can give
claims and premium and the numbers that
i needed for this particular client
were coming from lots of different files
in lots of different locations
by this point i was also receiving
messages asking if i had time to help on
my other project
i wasn't surprised as the wider team is
really busy at the moment
and will snap up any resource they can
get i have to be careful to manage
expectations
and offer to help but let them know that
i won't get to the work until later
here's me looking super confused to be
honest the work i do
involves a lot of problem solving so i
usually do have a confused phase but i
eventually have that light bulb moment
at half past 10 i had a client call or
so i thought at least
i checked my calendar and suddenly
realized the meeting had been moved to
half an hour later
but that wasn't an issue i could just
get back to the work i'd been doing
previously
going back to my loss ratio tables i was
trying to figure out why the loss ratios
in my summary
weren't matching up with those in our
main data files i was also trying to
make my tables dynamic
i'd been asked to create a table for at
least
10 different classes of business to go
through these one by one would be very
time consuming so i made use of excel
formulae
when it was approaching 11 i got myself
in position again
for my client meeting this was only a
quick call and part of an insurance
industry-wide survey
a couple of my colleagues were leading
the call and i'm being trained up to
help them out more next year
in the meantime all i need to do is
listen absorb information
and make small talk
at half 11 i had a quiet moment and took
the opportunity to grab
myself a coffee a decaf latte from the
coffee machine
plus a couple of homemade vanilla buns
while i drank my coffee i mulled over my
loss ratio tables some more
at this point in the morning i'd managed
to iron out most
issues but there were still a few
aspects i was unsure about
i'm very new to this project team and so
i didn't have the backing knowledge of
the classes of business to be able to
understand and make sense of some of the
features
i was seeing in the figures luckily my
team leader didn't seem to mind me
bombarding him with questions and
offered to have a quick call with me
the call with the team leader was so
helpful and made me feel a lot more
confident that i'd set up the file
correctly
somehow i'd managed to navigate the
gross gross numbers the gross net
numbers
the claims handling expenses the
reinstatement premiums
to land at the correct numbers i was
happy that my work was ready to send off
to another team member
for review finally i could switch to
working on an
sao template for my other project an sao
is a statement of actuarial opinion the
opinion being expressed is whether the
client's reserves are adequate
that is do we believe that they have set
aside enough money to pay
off all of their insurance claims at
quarter past one i changed into some
jeans
because i was going out for a walk
buster loves his walks and i usually
really enjoy getting some fresh air
but on this particular day it was so
cold
even with a woolly hat and scarf i was
still shivering
and as you can probably tell i don't
deal well with being cold i will
complain about it
a lot when we got back from our walk i
threw a quick lunch together
i had brie on crackers which is my new
favorite food
quick to prepare and taste so good
albeit slightly fattening
after about an hour lunch break i got
back to my desk and it was back to all
things saos
the sao will be submitted to lloyds of
london which is an insurance market in
london
many different syndicates operate within
the lloyds marketplace
here i am hopping on a quick call with
two of my senior teammates
i had a quick query for them about
wordings because with regulatory
documents that end up being signed by
someone
wordings are very very important to get
correct in this case i was asking how to
refer to a particular set of insurance
losses
in an sao you will typically mention any
large losses which cause uncertainty in
what the ultimate claims will be
after the call i plowed forward with the
sao work which really is a mammoth task
my team have already used a range of
statistical methods to estimate what the
ultimate insurance claims of our client
will be
now it is just a case of feeding our
numbers into the suitable reporting
format usually my senior team members
will give me an idea of the approach
they'd like to take and ask me to
execute it i'll do the first take on a
file
then i'll send it off to them for review
and they'll come back and say
right we'd like these things changed
please and there's that backwards and
forwards until everyone in the team is
happy with the files
when it gets to late afternoon it's not
uncommon for me to do a little dance
sing to myself
is this work sending me delirious maybe
at around 4 30 i was feeling really
peckish so i grabbed myself a snack
can't go wrong with some walkers salt
and vinegar baked
sometimes i will just sit there and
stare at spreadsheets
it's not me being unproductive it's just
me
taking my time to understand what is
going on with the spreadsheet
and why it might not be functioning
exactly how i expected
at this point i was quickly realizing i
was not going to get through
my whole to-do list for the day one file
in particular was taking me a lot longer
than anticipated
the data sets we have available this
year differ to what they had last year
and so just rolling forward the file
that was used last year was not
sufficient
it was good practice for me though to
set up new calculations from scratch
and work out for myself which data sets
were appropriate to use
[Music]
by this point it was getting quite late
but i hadn't finished everything i
wanted to get done today
my general policy is if i work really
late one day i will take it easier on
later days in the week
some of my colleagues have been really
good at checking up on me recently and
making sure
i'm not working crazy hours
at this point my computer decided to
restart for an essential
update you know one of those ones that
you can't avoid
it just restarts without your permission
while i waited i jotted down the
outstanding tasks that needed to be done
the next day
[Music]
once i've logged back onto my computer i
got back to preparing some documents
statements of opinion
for our senior actuary on the team to
sign i also received a message
telling me that senior team members had
decided to change a particular set of
wording
and this change needed reflecting in all
of the files so i went through the files
one by one
and adjusted the wording after this i
decided to call it a day
all in all a fairly average monday it
did drag a little bit because i had
fewer calls than i normally would on a
typical day but i just got on with my
tasks and to be fair
got a good amount done i went to chat
with my sister after work and we talked
about the book we'd both been reading
then it was dinner time when we all eat
as a family
my mum had pulled together a chicken
corner and called us all down to eat
[Music]
i completed my tidying up duties after
dinner
as usual it's the reason i'm let off the
hook with cooking
i was feeling tired so i used the
bathroom brushed my teeth and got into
my pajamas quite early in the evening
sometimes i'm more productive in the
evenings and i might do some studying
or do some editing but on this day i
just wanted to chill
i got into bed got my kindle out and
started reading
i'm reading the maze runner series which
i can't believe i didn't discover
as a teenager they're young adult novels
but have so
much mystery in them that i'm just so
addicted
i lay in bed reading for a solid couple
of hours
eventually it reached a point where i
was really tired and ready to get some
sleep before another working day
my phone alarm was all set for 7 30 a.m
thanks for watching like subscribe
follow my instagram and i'll see you
[Music]
soon
you